README.md, before:


# README generator
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)
## Description 
This is a README generator using Node.js
## Table of Contents
1. [Installation] (#installation)
2. [Usage] (#usage)
3. [Contributing] (#contributing)
4. [Tests] (#tests)
5. [Questions] (#questions)
## Installation 
Run "node index"
## Usage 
Answer questions delivered in Terminal. Watch as a README.md file gets generated in the same directory you are currently in.
## Contributing 
No
## Tests
No
## Questions
[Github](http://github.com/carolinem15)
----
carolinemanson15@gmail.com
----
## License
The MIT License: "A short and simple permissive license with conditions only requiring preservation of copyright and license notices. Licensed works, modifications, and larger works may be distributed under different terms and without source code." (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
----
The GNU GPLv3 License: "Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights." (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)
----
The ISC License: "A permissive license lets people do anything with your code with proper attribution and without warranty. The ISC license is functionally equivalent to the BSD 2-Clause and MIT licenses, removing some language that is no longer necessary." (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/)

Commit message:

created README.md for this project using generator

README.md, after:


# README Generator
[![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)
## Description 
This is a README generator using Node.js, Inquirer.js, and Fs (File System). This README is designed to help ease the process of writing READMEs for projects. It even gets generated right into the directory you are currently in! While constructing this project, I was able to get to practice coding in ES6 by using things like template literals and arrow functions. I was also able to familiarize myself with Inquirer.js, Fs, and Markdown.
## Table of Contents
1. [Installation] (#installation)
2. [Usage] (#usage)
3. [Contributing] (#contributing)
4. [Tests] (#tests)
5. [Questions] (#questions)
## Installation 
To install this project, run node index.
## Usage 
To use this project, simply answer the questions that are prompted in your command line after running node index. Watch as a Markdown file gets generated in the same directory you are currently in.
## Contributing 
Please see the Contributor Covenant (https://www.contributor-covenant.org/)
## Tests
No
## Questions
[Github](http://github.com/carolinem15)
----
carolinemanson15@gmail.com
----
## License
The MIT License: "A short and simple permissive license with conditions only requiring preservation of copyright and license notices. Licensed works, modifications, and larger works may be distributed under different terms and without source code." (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
----
The GNU GPLv3 License: "Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights." (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)
----
The ISC License: "A permissive license lets people do anything with your code with proper attribution and without warranty. The ISC license is functionally equivalent to the BSD 2-Clause and MIT licenses, removing some language that is no longer necessary." (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc/)
